# Day 2
Yesterday, I received less attendance than expected. As a result, I went to meet the Class Coordinator (CC) to understand the issue. I found out that our enrollment and roll numbers have been updated, and we are now required to use the new ones for attendance. Additionally, we will receive a new college email ID based on our updated enrollment number. This will be provided by Ekta Vyas ma'am via email within a week or two.

In the beginning, we had a **Cyber Ethics lab**, but due to a wrong classroom announcement, all students who were supposed to attend the Cyber Ethics lab ended up attending the **DSA lab** again. In that lab, we performed the **Call by Value** and **Call by Reference** practicals once more. We also completed practicals involving **malloc**, **calloc**, **realloc**, and **free** in the subject of **Data Structures (DS)**. With that, we successfully completed the first two practicals of DS.

After recess, we had a **DS lecture**, where the teacher taught us about **types of data** and also provided some notes.

Following that, we had time in the **library**, and then we attended our first **DBMS lecture**. Since it was the first class, the sir gave us a brief introduction to the subject and explained some basic concepts of DBMS, including **what a data model is**, the **types of data models**, and how to create diagrams.

### Types of Data Models (Discussed in DBMS Class):

1. **Entity-Relationship (ER) Model**
2. **Network Data Model**
3. **Relational Data Model**
4. **Object-Oriented Data Model**

[[day-2 Class Notes]]